Fixed #33083 -- Fixed admin JS for when actions are both top and bottom. (#14870)
django/django: docs/releases/3.2.8.txt

* Fixed a bug in Django 3.2 that caused incorrect links on read-only fields in
  admin (:ticket:`33077`).

> * Fixed a Django 3.2 regression selecting items across all pages in the admin
>   when actions were placed both on the top and bottom of the change-list view
>   (:ticket:`33083`).

Reviewer: Maybe:
```suggestion
* Fixed a regression in Django 3.2 that caused incorrect selection of items
  across all pages when actions were placed both on the top and bottom of the
  admin change-list view (:ticket:`33083`).
```
